hello and welcome to movies in 5 minutes
or less
this is a recap of the 2021 horror film
escape room 2 tournament of champions
starring taylor russell
warning spoilers ahead
after escaping the minus corporation's
soul survivor escape rooms zoe davis and
ben miller decide to confront the
shadowy organization after tracking down
its headquarters in new york city
zoe's therapist encourages her to move
on from her trauma and overcome her fear
of flying but she prefers to drive with
ban instead of flying
the two come across the headquarters in
a state of disarray and are approached
by a vagrant who steals zoe's necklace
she and ben pursue him all the way to
the q subway train
their train car splits from the rest of
the train and heads to a remote station
trapping zoe ben and other passengers
rachel brianna nathan and theo inside
the train electrifies as the passengers
realize they are once again trapped in
minus deadly game
zoe and ben discover that the others
have won previous escape rooms by
surviving them
as the electrification level rises the
group must collect subway tokens in
order to escape
theo is killed but the others managed to
flee
nathan reveals that his escape room
group was made up entirely of priests
briana's was made up entirely of
influencers and rachel's was made up
entirely of people who are unable to
feel physical pain
a bank with a slowly closing vault and a
lethal laser security system is the next
room
the group deciphers the convoluted route
to avoid the lasers and makes it out
with seconds to spare
throughout the room zoe is perplexed by
frequent references to someone named
sonia as well as the fact that unlike
before the escape rooms have no apparent
connection to the group
the next room features a beach scene
reminiscent of a postcard as well as
more references to sonia the beach is
covered in quicksand they discover
nathan gives up his life to save rachel
and is suffocated by the sand
just as brianna unlocks the intended
exit zoe discovers a different way out
rachel and ben side with zoe in a debate
over which route to take
brianna makes her way out the main door
while rachel and ben take the
alternative route
ben sinks into the quicksand
zoe and rachel make their way back into
the city through a manhole
they're overjoyed to be outside at first
but they quickly realize they're still
in the game when they come across a
panicked brianna
if they don't make it out of this room
acid rain is sprayed on them on a
regular basis
the group attempts to flee in a taxi but
once zoe gets inside the taxi locks
rachel and brianna out
rachel and brianna die as a result of
the rain while zoe falls into the next
room the next room is a child's room
which contains a diary from sonia which
reveals that the rooms are inspired by a
fun day out she had with her mother
amanda harper who survived her fall in
her first escape room and was forced to
design escape rooms for minus after they
kidnapped her daughter is revealed to be
sonya's mother
amanda begged zoe to become the next
puzzle maker for minus threatening that
she won't be able to refuse
ben is discovered to be imprisoned in a
cage
ben's cage begins to fill with water
when zoe refuses minus demand but zoe
and amanda work together to free him
they are able to break free and flee the
facility
the bodies of rachel brianna nathan and
theo are recovered by the police and the
news about minus is made public
zoe is assured by an fbi agent that
modis will be apprehended
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time